Start
Unknown Character 1: Well met! I am a magical projection of Gale of Waterdeep, and if you see this manifestation, that means I have prematurely perished.
Unknown Character 1: However, for reasons that cannot be disclosed, it is of vital importance that my death be remedied at your earliest convenience.
Unknown Character 1: You may rest assured that I do not speak out of self preservation alone: many lives depend on my return to the living within the span of two days.
Unknown Character 1: I trust I have made myself clear?
Unknown Character 1: I have upon my deceased person a magical item that can accomplish my return, but such is the value and rarity that it is protected by a multi-layered security protocol.
Unknown Character 1: I will now explain the protocol:
Unknown Character 1: Step one is to retrieve from my person a pouch I wear over my heart.
Unknown Character 1: Next you must unthread the purple seam that seals it in a counter clockwise fashion. Do not touch any other coloured strand.
Unknown Character 1: Inside the pouch you will find a folded letter and a tiny flute. Unfold the letter, and note the markings in the top and bottom corners. These are the notes you need to play.
Unknown Character 1: Starting from the bottom right, play the notes in correct order - clockwise this time.
Unknown Character 1: Upon completion of the tune, a magma mephit will appear, which will pose the following question: I'ss k'cha t'chiss n'aga?
Unknown Character 1: This is Ignan for 'What is my name?' The answer is 'K'ha'ssji'trach'ash'.
Unknown Character 1: Pronounce the name correctly and the mephit will breathe on the letter. Stay clear because the little scamp can melt metal.
Unknown Character 1: Words will now appear on the letter's surface, effectively turning the letter into a Scroll of True Resurrection. Use it to bring me back to life.
Unknown Character 1: Best of luck with the protocol! May my cold dead hands soon be refilled with the warmth of life so they can shake yours in gratitude.
End
------------------
